README.md, before:

military-apps-library-java
==========================

A common, SDK-agnostic Java library for building military-oriented apps, especially for ArcGIS for the Military.

## Licensing

Copyright 2013 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [license.txt](license.txt) file.

Note: Portions of this code use the JSON Java library provided by JSON.org, which is governed by its own license. See [license-ThirdParty.txt](license-ThirdParty.txt) for the details of this license or visit [JSON.org](http://www.json.org) for more details.

[](Esri Tags: ArcGIS Defense and Intelligence Situational Awareness ArcGIS Runtime Android 10.2)
[](Esri Language: Java)

Commit message:

Added capabilities list to README

README.md, after:

military-apps-library-java
==========================

A common, SDK-agnostic Java library for building military-oriented apps, especially for ArcGIS for the Military.

## Example Capabilities

- Read a map configuration XML file and return a MapConfig object for the layers in the map configuration.
- Read an ArcGIS Server REST service endpoint and return a list of LayerInfo objects for the layers in the service.

## Licensing

Copyright 2013 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [license.txt](license.txt) file.

Note: Portions of this code use the JSON Java library provided by JSON.org, which is governed by its own license. See [license-ThirdParty.txt](license-ThirdParty.txt) for the details of this license or visit [JSON.org](http://www.json.org) for more details.

[](Esri Tags: ArcGIS Defense and Intelligence Situational Awareness ArcGIS Runtime Android 10.2)
[](Esri Language: Java)
